Format of Mad Libs Story Libraries
**********************************

A Mad Libs story library is a file that stores a collection of Mad
Libs stories.  Each Mad Libs story may contain custom word
definitions.  The format of custom words will be discussed first, and
the overall story library format will be discussed last.

Custom Words
************

To specify a custom word, follow this format:

	(word#)

* word: the part of speech or other name to be displayed to the user
	when prompted.  It is acceptable to use spaces in the
	description.

* #: A number that uniquely identifies which custom word this is.  The
     reason why you need to specify this is so that you may reuse
     words that have been already asked.

* Examples:
	(adjective23)
	(present tense singular action verb5)
	(name1)

To specify a normal parenthesis elsewhere in the story, type the left
parenthesis twice in a row and the right parenthesis once.  To specify
a whole bunch of the same parenthesis in a row, type the left
parentheses one more than as many times as you want it to appear and
the right parentheses as many times as you want them to appear.

For example, if you type this in your story:

	(name3) took the (noun8) and placed it in the (noun9) ((since
	there was no (adjective10) outlets around).  Soon there was a
	huge (noun ending in -ion formed from a verb11) and ))))...

And the following is used for your input:

	Type a name: Fitzgerald
	...
	Type a noun: pyramid
	Type another noun: quarry
	Type an adjective: rubber
	Type a noun ending in -ion formed from a verb: citation

Then you will get the following as your output:

	Fitzgerald took the pyramid and placed it in the quarry (since
	there was no rubber outlets around).  Soon there was a huge
	citation and ))))...

Story Format
************

Now time to discuss the story format.  The reason why the custom word
specification had to be discussed first is because you are allowed to
use custom words even in the title of your story.  The general story
format is defined as follows:

	Title

	Story body

	END STORY

	Title of next story

	Story body

	END STORY

There must be proper empty lines between the sections as illustrated.
"END STORY" is a literal tag which must appear in capitals, at the
beginning of its line, have empty lines above and below, and no spaces
or other text afterward on the same line.  If for some reason you want
to use such in your story, simply violate one of the mentioned rules.

The reason why "END STORY" was picked rather than "THE END" is because
you might want to use or not use "THE END" in your story depending on
the type.  You would rarely, if ever, need to type "END STORY" in your
story.

When the story is displayed, lines will be word wrapped automatically,
so please don't do word wrapping yourself.

For an example of the story format altogether, see the file
"classic.mlb" found in the same directory as the program.
