Mad Libs README
***************

Mad Libs is a simple command-line Mad Libs game that reads its stories
from story libraries and selects a random story for the user.  With a
command-line argument, it can select a specific story.  The argument
takes the form of a number that counts from zero up to the total
number of stories from all story files minus one.  The file from which
the story is selected is determined by going through each story file
in alphabetical order.

This simple Mad Libs game goes a long way back in my programming
experience.  Originally, it started as the first program that I could
write once I learned enough about C++ program.  I originally wrote it
by hard-coding the stories and questions into C++ source code files.
Howeveer, I always wrote a story plan before I wrote the code.  Later
on, I wanted to create "Ultimate Mad Libs", a super large full-scale
GUI application with tons of options.  However, I got in to too many
arguments amoung myself about trivial matters such as what XML
formatting I should use for the story files.  Then one day I whipped
up a C++ program that basically read in my story plan files (with a
few modifications).  That worked and it was mostly elegant, except for
the fact that it was written in C++.  Thus, after I became more
skilled in pure C programming, I made trivial changes to the program
to convert it to C.  Then I was able to successfully compile and run
it on an obsolete Macintosh, and that was amazing.  After all, I
believe that simple programs should be able to run on simple
computers, but that previously wasn't possible when I had the Mad Libs
program written in C++.
